README 

Citrusleaf Memcache proxy

Copyright Citrusleaf, Inc. 2012

This code is designed to run as a service between a Memcache-protocol speaking 
clien and a Citrusleaf server cluster. It listens on either a TCP port or a 
local Unix socket for binary Memcache messages, translates them into the 
Citrusleaf protocol, and sends them to the Citrusleaf cluster. Because the 
Citrusleaf cluster is completely elastic and automatically rebalancing, the 
client code can be completely unaware of any changes in cluster membership.

Building
This code requires the Citrusleaf C client library and the libxml2 libraries. If
you don't have the Citrusleaf C client library, please download it from the
Citrusleaf web site and build it. Libxml2 is the one of the standard Linux xml
libraries and may already be installed on your system. If it is not, install
the libxml2-devel package on your system.

Do a make in the client folder,followed by a make inside the proxy folder.
Now the proxy engine binary is built.

Usage
All configuration parameters are specified in an xml configuration file. By 
default, the code looks for a file called 'cl_proxy.xml' residing in the same
directory as the executable. If you don't like the default, the location of
the configuration file can be specified using the --config-file option.

The Citrusleaf database organizes data into 'Namespaces', which are further subdivided 
into 'sets'. The memcache protocol has only {Key,value} pair. The value for 'namespace ' and 
'set' must be specified through the configuration file(cl_proxy.xml). The namespace and set value 
will be used by the proxy engine to contact the citrusleaf server.

The host and the port on which the Aerospike cluster is running, the host and port on which this proxy engine
should run, are to be specified. The other fields that can be configured are explained in the 
config file(cl_proxy.xml) as comments.

(If you're just starting out, the default namespace in the configuration file, 'test', is the
same as the default namespace for the Citrusleaf cluster, so you shouldn't
have to change anything.)

The host/port (or socket name) of the listener must be specified in the 
configuration file, as must the hostname/port of at least one of the 
Citrusleaf servers.

Additional information can be found in the comments in the sample 
configuration file.


To test the usage of memcache proxy engine run the proxy_test binary as follows

./proxy_test -h {host_name} -p {port_name}

{host_name}, {port_name} as configured in the cl_proxy.xml under Transport tag. 

 

Please report any problems to bugs@citrusleaf.com

